So you will talk to people and you will be
chewed into grayling
good afternoon
Hello From Ukraine, the city of
Khmelnitsky And you are
from Russia, the city of Kursk, you have light
there, I see
yes, it’s cool because
we have been sitting without light since Monday,
Russia, our power plant fired
This is what I see without light, without Nothing,
we are sitting in a jacket warming up But look, what
do you think should be done to
end this all because I
see Belgorod is shelling there
as well as to end this war,
then you must do this to the
entire human Ukrainian world to leave  to overthrow your Zelensky on the
square,
as you can see,
our cops will immediately put them in paddy wagons, this is
how
they will not be sent away If you once
went to a rally
No, I didn’t go out,
we have no prerequisites for this Everyone wants
to live in peace,
how is it to go to a rally I just
never  went to the rally immediately runs And he
will put me in the paddy wagon and he will shoot me at all
You somehow went to the rally
you were the Maidan this is illegal  oh, it’s
illegal you can’t go out,
how are we going to go out now and we’ll fight with the police,
or what
do you imagine You would hit the policeman
what starts in the opposite direction for you,
but look how are you How did we go
to the Maidan to divorce
Khmelnitsky
cool  -cool your dude something cool
someone wanted to divorce you
blown up I look I will crow at your voice
I will crow at your eyes
too I don’t understand
your new one you understand no
If you started talking in Russian say so
tell me how  it is necessary to hold rallies
because how is it in the cop, for example, it is necessary to
push him somehow or how
?  firm That you
wanted to compare me to something personally
[music]